This is Warren Buffett, one of the
richest people in the world, thanks to
the company he runs, Berkshire Hathaway.
Basically, it's a holding company that
just owns a bunch of other companies,
Geico, Dairy Queen, a huge railroad, as
well as a lot of stock in other
companies, like Apple and Coca -Cola.
So when those companies do well and their
stock goes up, Berkshire Hathaway stock
goes up.
When Buffett took over the company in
1965, a single share was worth $19.
Today, it's worth nearly half a million dollars.
Buffett owns nearly 240 ,000 of these shares.
This is where his wealth is.
But as he's been known for pointing out,
Warren Buffett still pays a lower tax
rate than his secretary.
She pays at twice the rate I pay.
I think that's outrageous.
That's because they pay different types
of taxes.
His secretary pays income taxes on her
salary, but Buffett mainly pays capital
gains taxes on his sold stock.
And that's taxed at nearly half the rate.
The wealthy are definitely under -taxed.